then abemolik the son of Jared Bale went
then abemolik the son of Jared Bale went to Shechem to his mother's brothers and
to Shechem to his mother's brothers and
to Shechem to his mother's brothers and spoke with them and with all the family
spoke with them and with all the family
spoke with them and with all the family of the house of his mother's father
of the house of his mother's father
of the house of his mother's father please speak in the hearing of all the
please speak in the hearing of all the
please speak in the hearing of all the men of Shechem which is better for you
men of Shechem which is better for you
men of Shechem which is better for you that all seventy of the sons of
that all seventy of the sons of
that all seventy of the sons of Garibaldi Nover you or that one reign
Garibaldi Nover you or that one reign
Garibaldi Nover you or that one reign over you remember that I am your own
over you remember that I am your own
over you remember that I am your own flesh and bone and his mother's brothers
flesh and bone and his mother's brothers
flesh and bone and his mother's brothers spoke all these words concerning him and
spoke all these words concerning him and
spoke all these words concerning him and the hearing of all the men of Shechem
the hearing of all the men of Shechem
the hearing of all the men of Shechem and their heart was inclined to follow
and their heart was inclined to follow
and their heart was inclined to follow abemolik for they said he is our brother
abemolik for they said he is our brother
abemolik for they said he is our brother so they gave him seventy shekels of
so they gave him seventy shekels of
so they gave him seventy shekels of silver from the temple of bail Beavis of
silver from the temple of bail Beavis of
silver from the temple of bail Beavis of which Abimelech hired worthless and
which Abimelech hired worthless and
which Abimelech hired worthless and reckless men and they followed him then
reckless men and they followed him then
reckless men and they followed him then he went to his father's house at Ofra
he went to his father's house at Ofra
he went to his father's house at Ofra and killed his brothers the seventy sons
and killed his brothers the seventy sons
and killed his brothers the seventy sons of Jared bail on one stone
of Jared bail on one stone
of Jared bail on one stone but Jotham the youngest son of Jared
but Jotham the youngest son of Jared
but Jotham the youngest son of Jared bail was left because he hid himself and
bail was left because he hid himself and
bail was left because he hid himself and all the men of Shechem gathered together
all the men of Shechem gathered together
all the men of Shechem gathered together all of Beth Malone and they went a maid
all of Beth Malone and they went a maid
all of Beth Malone and they went a maid Abimelech king by side the terebinth
Abimelech king by side the terebinth
Abimelech king by side the terebinth tree at the pillar that was in Shechem
now when they told joe 'then he went and
now when they told joe 'then he went and stood on top of Mount Gerizim
stood on top of Mount Gerizim
stood on top of Mount Gerizim and lifted his voice and cried out
and lifted his voice and cried out
and lifted his voice and cried out listen to me you men of Shechem that God
listen to me you men of Shechem that God
listen to me you men of Shechem that God may listen to you the trees once went
may listen to you the trees once went
may listen to you the trees once went forth to anoint a king over them and
forth to anoint a king over them and
forth to anoint a king over them and they said to the olive tree reign over
they said to the olive tree reign over
they said to the olive tree reign over us but the olive tree said to them
us but the olive tree said to them
us but the olive tree said to them should I cease giving my oil with which
should I cease giving my oil with which
should I cease giving my oil with which they honor God and men and go to sway
they honor God and men and go to sway
they honor God and men and go to sway over trees then the tree said to the fig
over trees then the tree said to the fig
over trees then the tree said to the fig tree
tree
tree you come and reign over us but the fig
you come and reign over us but the fig
you come and reign over us but the fig tree said to them
tree said to them
tree said to them should I cease my sweetness and my good
should I cease my sweetness and my good
should I cease my sweetness and my good fruit and go to sway over trees
then the trees said to the vine you come
then the trees said to the vine you come and reign over us but the vine said to
and reign over us but the vine said to
and reign over us but the vine said to them should I cease my new wine which
them should I cease my new wine which
them should I cease my new wine which cheers both God and men and go to sway
cheers both God and men and go to sway
cheers both God and men and go to sway over trees then all the trees said to
over trees then all the trees said to
over trees then all the trees said to the bramble you come and reign over us
the bramble you come and reign over us
the bramble you come and reign over us and the bramble said to the trees if in
and the bramble said to the trees if in
and the bramble said to the trees if in truth you anoint me as king over you
truth you anoint me as king over you
truth you anoint me as king over you then come and take shelter in my shade
then come and take shelter in my shade
then come and take shelter in my shade but if not let fire come out of the
but if not let fire come out of the
but if not let fire come out of the bramble and devour the Cedars of Lebanon
bramble and devour the Cedars of Lebanon
bramble and devour the Cedars of Lebanon [Music]
[Music]
[Music] now therefore if you have acted in truth
now therefore if you have acted in truth
now therefore if you have acted in truth and sincerity in making a beam election
and sincerity in making a beam election
and sincerity in making a beam election and if you have dealt well with Garibay
and if you have dealt well with Garibay
and if you have dealt well with Garibay land his house and have done to him as
land his house and have done to him as
land his house and have done to him as he deserves for my father fought for you
he deserves for my father fought for you
he deserves for my father fought for you risked his life and delivered you out of
risked his life and delivered you out of
risked his life and delivered you out of the hand of Midian would you have risen
the hand of Midian would you have risen
the hand of Midian would you have risen up against my father's house this day
up against my father's house this day
up against my father's house this day and killed his seventy sons on one stone
and killed his seventy sons on one stone
and killed his seventy sons on one stone and made a beam alack the son of his
and made a beam alack the son of his
and made a beam alack the son of his female servant king over the men of
female servant king over the men of
female servant king over the men of Shechem because he is your brother
Shechem because he is your brother
Shechem because he is your brother if then you have acted in truth and
if then you have acted in truth and
if then you have acted in truth and sincerity with Jarrow bail and with his
sincerity with Jarrow bail and with his
sincerity with Jarrow bail and with his house this day then rejoice in Abimelech
house this day then rejoice in Abimelech
house this day then rejoice in Abimelech and let him also rejoice in you
but if not let fire come from a BIM
but if not let fire come from a BIM election and best Nilo and let fire come
election and best Nilo and let fire come
election and best Nilo and let fire come from the men of Shechem and from Beth
from the men of Shechem and from Beth
from the men of Shechem and from Beth Mello and devour Abimelech and show them
Mello and devour Abimelech and show them
Mello and devour Abimelech and show them ran away and flared and he went to beer
ran away and flared and he went to beer
ran away and flared and he went to beer and dwelt there for fear of Abimelech
and dwelt there for fear of Abimelech
and dwelt there for fear of Abimelech his brother after abemolik had reigned
his brother after abemolik had reigned
his brother after abemolik had reigned over israel three years god sent a
over israel three years god sent a
over israel three years god sent a spirit of ill will between Abimelech and
spirit of ill will between Abimelech and
spirit of ill will between Abimelech and the men of Shechem and the men of
the men of Shechem and the men of
the men of Shechem and the men of Shechem dealt treacherously with
Shechem dealt treacherously with
Shechem dealt treacherously with Abimelech that the crime down to the
Abimelech that the crime down to the
Abimelech that the crime down to the seventy sons of Jeroboam might be
seventy sons of Jeroboam might be
seventy sons of Jeroboam might be settled and their blood be laid on a
settled and their blood be laid on a
settled and their blood be laid on a Benedick their brother who killed them
Benedick their brother who killed them
Benedick their brother who killed them and on the men of Shechem who aided him
and on the men of Shechem who aided him
and on the men of Shechem who aided him in the killing of his brothers and the
in the killing of his brothers and the
in the killing of his brothers and the men of Shechem set men in ambush against
men of Shechem set men in ambush against
men of Shechem set men in ambush against him on the tops of the mountains and
him on the tops of the mountains and
him on the tops of the mountains and they robbed all who passed by them along
they robbed all who passed by them along
they robbed all who passed by them along that way and it was told
that way and it was told
that way and it was told Abimelech
now Gale the son of
now Gale the son of ebed came with his brothers and went
ebed came with his brothers and went
ebed came with his brothers and went over to Shechem and the men of Shechem
over to Shechem and the men of Shechem
over to Shechem and the men of Shechem for their confidence in him so they went
for their confidence in him so they went
for their confidence in him so they went out into the fields and gathered grapes
out into the fields and gathered grapes
out into the fields and gathered grapes from their vineyards and trot them and
from their vineyards and trot them and
from their vineyards and trot them and made merry and they went into the house
made merry and they went into the house
made merry and they went into the house of their God and ate and drank and
of their God and ate and drank and
of their God and ate and drank and cursed Abimelech then Gayle the son of
cursed Abimelech then Gayle the son of
cursed Abimelech then Gayle the son of ebed said who is a Bimala and who is
ebed said who is a Bimala and who is
ebed said who is a Bimala and who is chateau that we should serve Him is he
chateau that we should serve Him is he
chateau that we should serve Him is he not the son of Jared bail and is not
not the son of Jared bail and is not
not the son of Jared bail and is not Siebel his officer serve the men of a
Siebel his officer serve the men of a
Siebel his officer serve the men of a Mauer the father of Shechem but why
Mauer the father of Shechem but why
Mauer the father of Shechem but why should we serve Him if only this people
should we serve Him if only this people
should we serve Him if only this people were under my authority then I would
were under my authority then I would
were under my authority then I would remove a bimolecular
remove a bimolecular
remove a bimolecular so he said to abemolik increase your
so he said to abemolik increase your
so he said to abemolik increase your army and come out when zebu the ruler of
army and come out when zebu the ruler of
army and come out when zebu the ruler of the city heard the words of Gale the son
the city heard the words of Gale the son
the city heard the words of Gale the son of ebed his anger was aroused and he
of ebed his anger was aroused and he
of ebed his anger was aroused and he sent messages to Abimelech secretly take
sent messages to Abimelech secretly take
sent messages to Abimelech secretly take note Gale the son of ebed and his
note Gale the son of ebed and his
note Gale the son of ebed and his brothers have come to Shechem and here
brothers have come to Shechem and here
brothers have come to Shechem and here they are fortifying the city against you
they are fortifying the city against you
they are fortifying the city against you now therefore get up by night you and
now therefore get up by night you and
now therefore get up by night you and the people who are with you and lie and
the people who are with you and lie and
the people who are with you and lie and wait in the field and it shall be as
wait in the field and it shall be as
wait in the field and it shall be as soon as the Sun is up in the morning
soon as the Sun is up in the morning
soon as the Sun is up in the morning that you shall rise early and rush upon
that you shall rise early and rush upon
that you shall rise early and rush upon the city and when he and the people who
the city and when he and the people who
the city and when he and the people who are with them come out against you you
are with them come out against you you
are with them come out against you you may then do to them as you find
may then do to them as you find
may then do to them as you find opportunity
opportunity
opportunity so Abimelech and all the people who are
so Abimelech and all the people who are
so Abimelech and all the people who are with him
with him
with him rose by night and lay in wait against
rose by night and lay in wait against
rose by night and lay in wait against Shechem in four companies when Gayle the
Shechem in four companies when Gayle the
Shechem in four companies when Gayle the son of Yvette went out and stood in the
son of Yvette went out and stood in the
son of Yvette went out and stood in the entrance to the city gate Abimelech and
entrance to the city gate Abimelech and
entrance to the city gate Abimelech and the people who are with him rose from
the people who are with him rose from
the people who are with him rose from lying in wait and brynn gales saw the
lying in wait and brynn gales saw the
lying in wait and brynn gales saw the people he said to Zeebo look people are
people he said to Zeebo look people are
people he said to Zeebo look people are coming down from the tops of the
coming down from the tops of the
coming down from the tops of the mountains you see the shadows of the
mountains you see the shadows of the
mountains you see the shadows of the mountains as if they were men see people
mountains as if they were men see people
mountains as if they were men see people are coming down from the center of the
are coming down from the center of the
are coming down from the center of the land and another company is coming from
land and another company is coming from
land and another company is coming from the diviners terebinth tree where indeed
the diviners terebinth tree where indeed
the diviners terebinth tree where indeed is your mouth now with which you said
is your mouth now with which you said
is your mouth now with which you said who is Abimelech that we should serve
who is Abimelech that we should serve
who is Abimelech that we should serve Him are not these the people whom you
Him are not these the people whom you
Him are not these the people whom you despised go out if you will and fight
despised go out if you will and fight
despised go out if you will and fight with them now so Gayle went out leading
with them now so Gayle went out leading
with them now so Gayle went out leading the men of Shechem and fought with a bit
the men of Shechem and fought with a bit
the men of Shechem and fought with a bit chased and be fed food to the very
chased and be fed food to the very
chased and be fed food to the very entrance of the game then Abimelech
entrance of the game then Abimelech
entrance of the game then Abimelech dwelt at a room in Siebel drove out Gail
dwelt at a room in Siebel drove out Gail
dwelt at a room in Siebel drove out Gail and his brothers so that they would not
and his brothers so that they would not
and his brothers so that they would not dwell in Shechem and it came about on
dwell in Shechem and it came about on
dwell in Shechem and it came about on the next day that the people went out
the next day that the people went out
the next day that the people went out into the field and they told Abimelech
into the field and they told Abimelech
into the field and they told Abimelech so he took his people divided them into
so he took his people divided them into
so he took his people divided them into three companies and lay in wait in the
three companies and lay in wait in the
three companies and lay in wait in the field and he looked and there were the
field and he looked and there were the
field and he looked and there were the people coming out of the city and he
people coming out of the city and he
people coming out of the city and he rose against them and attacked them a
rose against them and attacked them a
rose against them and attacked them a benefit and the company that was with
benefit and the company that was with
benefit and the company that was with him rushed forward and stood at the
him rushed forward and stood at the
him rushed forward and stood at the entrance of the gate of the city the
entrance of the gate of the city the
entrance of the gate of the city the other two companies rushed upon all who
other two companies rushed upon all who
other two companies rushed upon all who were in the fields and killed them so
were in the fields and killed them so
were in the fields and killed them so abemolik fought against the city all
abemolik fought against the city all
abemolik fought against the city all that day he took the city and killed the
that day he took the city and killed the
that day he took the city and killed the people who were in it and he demolished
people who were in it and he demolished
people who were in it and he demolished the city and sewed it with salt
now when all the men of the tower of
now when all the men of the tower of Shechem had had that they entered the
Shechem had had that they entered the
Shechem had had that they entered the stronghold of the temple of the god
stronghold of the temple of the god
stronghold of the temple of the god beerus and it was told Abimelech that
beerus and it was told Abimelech that
beerus and it was told Abimelech that all the men of the tower of Shechem were
all the men of the tower of Shechem were
all the men of the tower of Shechem were gathered together then Abimelech went up
gathered together then Abimelech went up
gathered together then Abimelech went up to mount Salman he and all the people
to mount Salman he and all the people
to mount Salman he and all the people who were with him and Abimelech took an
who were with him and Abimelech took an
who were with him and Abimelech took an axe in his hand and cut down a bow from
axe in his hand and cut down a bow from
axe in his hand and cut down a bow from the trees and took it and laid it on his
the trees and took it and laid it on his
the trees and took it and laid it on his shoulder then he said to the people who
shoulder then he said to the people who
shoulder then he said to the people who are with him what you have seen me do
are with him what you have seen me do
are with him what you have seen me do make haste and do as I have done so each
make haste and do as I have done so each
make haste and do as I have done so each of the people likewise cut down his own
of the people likewise cut down his own
of the people likewise cut down his own bow and followed Abimelech put them
bow and followed Abimelech put them
bow and followed Abimelech put them against the stronghold and set the
against the stronghold and set the
against the stronghold and set the stronghold on fire above them so that
stronghold on fire above them so that
stronghold on fire above them so that all the people of the Tower of Shechem
all the people of the Tower of Shechem
all the people of the Tower of Shechem die
die
die about a thousand men and women
then abinell ik went to Phoebus and he
then abinell ik went to Phoebus and he encamped against Phoebus and took it but
encamped against Phoebus and took it but
encamped against Phoebus and took it but there was a strong tower in the city and
there was a strong tower in the city and
there was a strong tower in the city and all the men and women all the people of
all the men and women all the people of
all the men and women all the people of the city fled there and shut themselves
the city fled there and shut themselves
the city fled there and shut themselves in then they went up to the top of the
in then they went up to the top of the
in then they went up to the top of the tower so Abimelech came as far as the
tower so Abimelech came as far as the
tower so Abimelech came as far as the tower and fought against it and he drew
tower and fought against it and he drew
tower and fought against it and he drew near the door of the tower to burn it
near the door of the tower to burn it
near the door of the tower to burn it with fire but a certain woman dropped an
with fire but a certain woman dropped an
with fire but a certain woman dropped an upper millstone on a bit Alec's head and
upper millstone on a bit Alec's head and
upper millstone on a bit Alec's head and crushed his skull then he called quickly
crushed his skull then he called quickly
crushed his skull then he called quickly to the young man his armor-bearer draw
to the young man his armor-bearer draw
to the young man his armor-bearer draw your sword
your sword
your sword until me blessed then save me
until me blessed then save me
until me blessed then save me a woman killed him
a woman killed him
a woman killed him so his young man thrust him through and
so his young man thrust him through and
so his young man thrust him through and he died and when the men of Israel saw
he died and when the men of Israel saw
he died and when the men of Israel saw that abemolik was dead they departed
that abemolik was dead they departed
that abemolik was dead they departed every man to his place plus God repaid
every man to his place plus God repaid
every man to his place plus God repaid the wickedness of Abimelech which he had
the wickedness of Abimelech which he had
the wickedness of Abimelech which he had down to his father by killing his
down to his father by killing his
down to his father by killing his seventy brothers and all the evil of the
seventy brothers and all the evil of the
seventy brothers and all the evil of the men of Shechem God returned on their own
men of Shechem God returned on their own
men of Shechem God returned on their own heads and on them came the curse of
heads and on them came the curse of
heads and on them came the curse of Jotham the son of Jared Bale
Jotham the son of Jared Bale
Jotham the son of Jared Bale you